[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna start a series that rolled
out as a slow burner over decades with
Don Coscarelli a 1979 film phantasm
let's get to it
we opened on a couple getting down to
business in the cemetery he's staying
close to Grandma things seem to be going
well despite an apparent lack of effort
on Tommy's part she pulls an oopsie
doops II however with the old reverse
penetration trick he then checks out of
the universe before it's revealed that
he had been vigorously plunging himself
into angus scrimm we cut to Tommy's
brother Jodie and his friend Reggie the
local ice cream peddler at the funeral
home for Tommy's memorial service Jodie
goes in to handle some of the
formalities and hears some strange
noises but better to put these things
out of one's mind being surrounded by
the dead and all little brother Michael
shows up to discreetly dirtbike his way
through the gravestones because no one
ever taught him any respect he hears
similar noises and actually catches a
glimpse of some mysterious shadowy
figures he does his best to observe the
proceedings and feel a connection to his
now dead older brother having been
excluded due to his age he sticks around
until after the service is over and
observes some unusual behavior exhibited
by this tall man when a friend arrives
to offer condolences we hear their
parents died within the last couple of
years now Jody's eager to bail leaving
Mike with an aunt and some crippling
separation anxiety reg and Jones later
have an afternoon jam sesh sing about
what they're doing Vicent and
introducing the tuning fork Jodie later
goes to drown his sorrows followed as
always by Michael he doesn't think twice
about the ease with which he pulls in
this familiar blonde seductress and
cocksure as he is they find a familiar
local spot for lovers and begin their
intimate dance while Michael quietly
allows his brothers sex noises to wash
over him he's then startled by beastly
noises of a less familiar variety coming
from the underbrush and takes off
running through the scene Jodie runs
after him when he catches up Michael
breathlessly tells him about the
experience but Jody's incredulous and
also horny as a muskox he sends him on
his way so he can get back to his
boneyard boning but finds that a cold
stone slab isn't the best place to leave
your lady Michael continues to be
haunted by the tall man both in his
sleep and in town the next day when he
observes him take a disturbingly long
whiff of Reggie's ponytail that evening
Michael hears the disturbance while
wrenching on the car it ends up falling
on him and he freaks out smashing Jody's
Tootsie's
and eliciting a perfectly believable
response
despite his continued insistence Jody
remains unconvinced Michael decides to
get to the bottom of things himself
breaking into the basement window at the
funeral home he manages to avoid
detection and wander the halls but is
pursued by a floating orb he has a close
call with the groundskeeper but is able
to duck out just in time to avoid the
orb which finds purchase in the grounds
keepers face drilling in and sucking him
dry he has a brief standoff at the tall
man before being chased into a close
call situation and snagging himself some
evidence of his otherworldly adventures
he shows this to Jody who is finally
convinced despite the fact that this gag
could be acquired at any Spencer's gifts
after some discussion Jody wants to
present the evidence to local
authorities but when Michael goes to
retrieve it it's turned into the mother
of all horse flies and absolutely
refuses to shoot they temporarily subdue
it and try to play it cool and Reggie
shows up Reggie continuously tries to
push an unnecessary conversation about
slang and cream but as soon
inadvertently brought into the loop Jody
decides to do some investigating of his
own but doesn't get far before being
descended upon by a gang of dark world
Ewoks he escapes by barely managing to
avoid shooting himself in the head
he's picked up by Michael and they are
pursued by a hearse they managed to run
it off the road and find that dwarf
driving it is actually the sawed off
corpse of their brother Tommy this gives
them quite a bit to ponder so they put
it on nice and rich his truck and
attempted regroup before going any
further they send Mike off to stay safe
at the local antique shop but again he
proves incapable of following
instructions he finds an old photo of
the tall man from the Daily Prophet and
insists on being driven back on the way
they find Reggie's empty truck and then
are attacked themselves in the scuffle
Mike has dumped out the back as the
ladies drive on he stumbles home and has
his face aggressively examined by Jody
Dunn Taking Chances Jody locks him in
his room to go pursue this dangerous
journey on his own as we've learned
Michael lets nothing get in his way and
he doesn't have many age-appropriate
toys so he quickly becomes the architect
of his own escape unfortunately he runs
out the back door directly into the
hands of the tall man who then loads him
into the hearse like a stray kitty cat
but on the way Mike manages to shoot his
way out now all at the funeral home
Jodie and Mike meet up and are shortly
joined by Reggie who confirmed he was
able to save the girls from captivity
they then enter the final room together
and find it spotlessly clean and full of
canisters and the cancers are full of
dwarves and there are two vibrating
pillars Michael discovers this to be a
doorway when he accidentally falls
through after being pulled out he
reports the dwarves or reanimated
corpses being used as slaves crushed
down by the excessive gravity made
ornery by the excessive heat just then
the lights go out we hear them stumble
around when the lights come back on
Reggie is alone in the room and thinking
of the tuning fork he interrupts the
resonant frequency of the doorway which
sets off a catastrophic failure as he
runs out to find the others he is gutted
by Jody's part-time lover right before
the house implodes Jody comes up the
last-ditch plan to lure the tall man to
an abandoned mine where they'll attempt
to dunk his ass straight to help they
split up to prepare and get supplies
this works favorably as the tall man
shows up at the house to chase Michel
who leads him into the pit and the plan
worked
huzzah Zala rounds or did it Michael
wakes up to his still living Reggie who
talks about the stress he's been under
since Jody died in a car wreck the prior
week tempering our celebratory mood hmm
his odds temporarily retracted however
when he returns to his room the movie
ends with another attack by the tall man
you may be asking yourself how does this
all work out I suppose we'll have to
wait in trust and Don's vision as the
story unfolds of the four more films if
you enjoyed the video I'd love for you
to become a part of the shield by
subscribing thanks for watching